README.md, before:

snap-ev3dev
===========
A [Snap!](http://snap.berkeley.edu/) server and associated control blocks for [ev3dev](http://www.ev3dev.org/), written in JavaScript/Node.JS.

**NOTE:** This is just a test ATM, so functionality may not go past the proof-of-concept.

Running the server
---
To run the server, make sure that you have git installed on your brick (which must be running ev3dev) and clone down the repo:
```
root@ev3dev:~# sudo apt-get install git
root@ev3dev:~# git clone --recursive https://github.com/WasabiFan/snap-ev3dev.git
```
Then `cd` in to the folder and run the server with node:
```
root@ev3dev:~# cd snap-ev3dev
root@ev3dev:~# nodejs snap-server.js
```
You should now be able to access the Snap! environment by navigating to your EV3's IP address in your browser.

Using the ev3 functions in the web interface
---
Although I don't think I need to explain how the overall drag-and-drop experience works to anyone who's cloning this right now, I would like to highlight the important changes that I have made to the Snap! environment for this project.

To access the ev3dev control blocks (currently only one), open the web interface and click on "file (the paper icon) -> Libraries". In the box that appears, select "ev3dev control functions" to load the module. Now, you should find a new block under "sensing" for reading sensor values.

ev3dev.js
---
`ev3dev.js` is a built development version of the JS binding from [the official ev3dev language binding repo](https://github.com/ev3dev/ev3dev-lang/). Once the changes to the binding have been released to NPM, the dependency here can be shifted to the published module instead of using this separate file.

Commit message:

indicate where to find motor block
Changed and new sensor block
Added motor blocks

README.md, after:

snap-ev3dev
===========
A [Snap!](http://snap.berkeley.edu/) server and associated control blocks for [ev3dev](http://www.ev3dev.org/), written in JavaScript/Node.JS.

**NOTE:** This is just a test ATM, so functionality may not go past the proof-of-concept.

Running the server
---
To run the server, make sure that you have git installed on your brick (which must be running ev3dev) and clone down the repo:
```
root@ev3dev:~# sudo apt-get install git
root@ev3dev:~# git clone --recursive https://github.com/WasabiFan/snap-ev3dev.git
```
Then `cd` in to the folder and run the server with node:
```
root@ev3dev:~# cd snap-ev3dev
root@ev3dev:~# nodejs snap-server.js
```
You should now be able to access the Snap! environment by navigating to your EV3's IP address in your browser.

Using the ev3 functions in the web interface
---
Although I don't think I need to explain how the overall drag-and-drop experience works to anyone who's cloning this right now, I would like to highlight the important changes that I have made to the Snap! environment for this project.

To access the ev3dev control blocks (currently only one), open the web interface and click on "file (the paper icon) -> Libraries". In the box that appears, select "ev3dev control functions" to load the module. Now, you should find  new sensor blocks under "sensing" and new motor blocks under "motion".
Be careful and use valid portname and properties.

ev3dev.js
---
`ev3dev.js` is a built development version of the JS binding from [the official ev3dev language binding repo](https://github.com/ev3dev/ev3dev-lang/). Once the changes to the binding have been released to NPM, the dependency here can be shifted to the published module instead of using this separate file.
